Add "clipwindow" popup option to confine popup to host window (#20166)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/popup.txt

			when "textprop" is present.
	textpropid	Used to identify the text property when "textprop" is
			present.  Use zero to reset.
	clipwindow	When TRUE and "textprop" is set, confine the popup to
			the window that contains the text property (the host
			window).  As the text property scrolls past the host
			window's top, bottom, left or right edge the popup is
			clipped to the visible portion of that window instead
			of extending outside it.  When the popup has scrolled
			entirely past an edge it is hidden.  Default is FALSE.

> 			See |popup-clipwindow|.

Reviewer: I found this hard to understand. How about this:

```
	clipwindow	Only used when "textprop" is set.  When TRUE the popup
			is kept within the window containing the text
			property: if the text property scrolls past that
			window's top, bottom, left or right edge, the popup
			is clipped at that edge instead of being drawn
			outside it.  Once the text property has scrolled out
			of the window the popup is hidden.
			Default FALSE.
			See |popup-clipwindow|.
```

If the popup cannot fit in the desired position, it may show at a nearby
position.

CLIP TEXTPROP POPUP TO HOST WINDOW			*popup-clipwindow*

When the popup is anchored to a text property in a split window, the popup is
by default drawn relative to the whole screen and may extend past the edges of
the window that contains the text property (the "host window").  Setting

> "clipwindow" to TRUE confines the popup to the host window's content area:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"clipwindow" to TRUE keeps the popup within window's content area:
```
